docs: update android integration guide (#57)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/recipes/integrate-logto/android.mdx

---
sidebar_label: Android
---

import AppNote from './fragments/_app-note.mdx';
import ConfigureRedirectUri from './fragments/_configure-redirect-uri.mdx';
import SignInNote from './fragments/_sign-in-note.mdx';
import FurtherReadings from './fragments/_further-readings.md';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import redirectUriFigure from './assets/android-redirect-uri.png';

> # Android: Integrate Logto Android SDK

Reviewer: Fix these lint issues and we are good to move on

Author: fixed.

---

> sidebar_label: Android

Reviewer 2: maybe better keep ` (Kotlin)`?

Author: Why? Java developers can also use this documentation.

## Configure

> ### Configure Redirect URI in Admin Console

Reviewer 3: you need put an admonition here like other recipes

Author: updated.

Reviewer 3: well i was think about the import of `<AppNote />` and `<SignInNote />` etc. would you like to go through the code and follow the latest integration guide format?

Author: updated.

> The `Redirect URI` indicates the endpoint that the application used to receive authorization results.

Reviewer 2: Improved by Grammarly
```suggestion
The `Redirect URI` indicates the application's endpoint to receive authorization results.
```
